hello everyone I am at the NA LCS studio
returning after a couple months for
something very exciting which I will get
to in just a moment but first I want to
thank all of you because I just hit a
hundred thousand subs this morning
shortly after I woke up it's an
important milestone for me as I continue
to explore you know the world of
independent content creation and all of
your support is so helpful and speaking
of support
I want to thank HTC eSports for being my
official partner here at All Stars this
year so all weekend long I'll have
content going up on the YouTube channel
all made possible by them as they
support me and my independent endeavor
so thank you so much to HTC eSports and
thank you all for subbing looking
forward to seeing all the action as it
goes through over the next couple of
days here at Allstars